
Search
  
Python
PythonTraining
BeginnersGuideRecentChangesPythonTraining
FrontPage
RecentChanges
FindPage
HelpContents
PythonTraining
Page
Immutable Page
Info
Attachments

More Actions:
User
Login
Python Training
If you are seeking upcoming open-to-the-public training events, check out the PythonTraining/Events page.

Contents

Python Training
Adding entries
Formatting of Entries
USA
Canada
Europe
Australia
Latin America
India
Iran
Israel
Malaysia
Nigeria
Singapore
New Zealand
Turkey
Internet - Python Online Training
 
Adding entries
If you want to add information to this page and find that it is immutable, please sign up to the wiki and see the FrontPage#use for details on how to get editing permissions.

The sections tends to be ordered by "time since last person edited it" or by event date in the case of upcoming public courses. As such, entries towards the top will cycle slowly towards the bottom of the section over time. If you're offering an upcoming class or have updated your entry, it's fine to bump it back to the top, but be considerate of others and use some common sense. Entries with dead links may be removed.

Formatting of Entries
Please use the following format when adding entries to the wiki text version of the page:


 * '''Trainer''' offers training on ...
and this format for the GUI version of the page:

Trainer offers training on ...

Please avoid excessive emphasis and keep the entries short to give everyone a chance to promote their training classes.

/!\ Entries which are too long will be flagged as such from time to time to gently make the authors aware.

USA
* Marilyn Davis, Ph.D. Marilyn specializes in Python training in corporate environments in the Silicon Valley, and anywhere, either through UCSC-Extension, where students earn University credit, or independently. She has taught Python at Apple, Cisco, Facebook, Google, Intuit, LLNL, NASA, Nokia, Oracle, Plantronics, Skype, VMware, and more.

Stay Safe And Take Your Time Online:

Python For Programmers, where students learn and practice core concepts and Pythonic thinking: Apr 13, 2021 - Jun 8, 2021. You can enroll and get started today!

Python For Data Analysis - Via Live Zoom: 10 Fridays 6:30 - 9:30 PM PDT, where students learn and practice the Python needed to work with Pandas and related libraries. : Apr 2, 2021 - Jun 4, 2021.

Here's a sample lecture. PythonTrainer.Com is a 100% woman-owned business, registered in SAM.

* Webucator, a PSF sponsor, regularly provides live online Python training.

Upcoming Classes:

https://www.webucator.com/programming-training/course/python-essentials-training.cfm - Apr 12-16, 2021 10:00AM-6:00PM ET, May 10-14, 2021 10:00AM-6:00PM ET, Jun 7-11, 2021 10:00AM-6:00PM ET

https://www.webucator.com/programming-training/course/advanced-python-38-training.cfm - Jun 14-15, 2021 10:00AM-5:00PM ET

https://www.webucator.com/programming-training/course/python-data-analysis-with-jupyterlab.cfm - Apr 15-16, 2021 10:00AM-5:00PM ET, Apr 22-23, 2021 10:00AM-5:00PM ET, Jun 10-11, 2021 10:00AM-5:00PM ET

https://www.webucator.com/programming-training/course/introduction-django-training.cfm - Apr 19-23, 2021 10:00AM-5:00PM ET, Jun 7-11, 2021 10:00AM-5:00PM ET, Jul 19-23, 2021 10:00AM-5:00PM ET

https://www.webucator.com/programming-training/course/advanced-django-training.cfm - Apr 19-21, 2021 10:00AM-5:00PM ET, Jun 16-18, 2021 10:00AM-5:00PM ET, Jul 7-9, 2021 10:00AM-5:00PM ET

* AcademyX provides instructor led Intro to Python and Advanced training in San Francisco, San Jose, and Sacramento.

* The Hartmann Software Group is an IT training and consulting organization based in Denver, Colorado that offers an extensive catalog of Python courses. If you are looking to integrate Python with .NET, Java or C++, wish to employ Python's extensive Machine Learning libraries or hope to tackle many other out of the box development challenges, we can be of tremendous assistance either by way of training, mentoring and/or consulting.

Upcoming Classes:

Python for Scientists - Dec 16-20, 2019 10AM-5PM ET

PYTHON FOR DATA SCIENTIST AND MACHINE LEARNING PRACTITIONERS Training - Oct 28-Nov 1, 2019 10AM-5PM ET

PYTHON II: ADVANCED PYTHON 3 - Nov 14-15 10AM-5PM ET

* David Beazley, author of the Python Essential Reference, 4th Ed (Addison-Wesley) and the Python Cookbook, 3rd Ed (O'Reilly Media), teaches ongoing in-person programming and computer science Courses in Chicago. If you've learned the basics of Python and want to advance your skills by applying what you've learned to more difficult projects, these courses provide an opportunity to do just that. Dave's courses are taught in round-table format that is strictly limited to 6 students--a size that fosters group discussion.

* Web Age Solutions offers instructor-led and virtual Python training in US and Canada. Our current offerings include Introduction to Python Programming and Advanced Python Programming. Web Age Solutions also provides customized training as per the needs of the organizations.

One Month Python is a 30 day online python course taught by Columbia University professor Mattan Griffel. In One Month Python you'll learn the basics of programming – variables, strings, lists, functions — as well as how to use tools like Jupyter, Pandas, and Flask. By the end of this course you will have created four projects: an Amazon Web Scraper, Weather API, Calculator, and a Twilio API script for sending SMS text messages from your code.

Enroll in One Month Python

What will you learn in One Month Python?

Enthought's experts train scientists, engineers, analysts, data scientists and geoscientists who would like to use Python more effectively. Enthought teaches public-open and private-onsite courses in cities around the US and EU. Current courses offered include:

Python Foundations

Python for Scientists and Engineers

Python for Data Science

Python for Data Analysis

Python for Machine Learning

Machine Learning Mastery Workshop

Pandas Mastery Workshop course is available upon request.

Upcoming open classes are listed on the "Schedule" tab of each course's webpage. If you are interested in scheduling a private-onsite course, please contact us. Enthought also has a set of 8 Pandas cheat sheets, a set of 3 machine learning cheat sheets, and a MATLAB to Python white paper available for free download.

rmotr.com remote coding courses specialized in Python with real teachers and classmates. +50 hours of real coding, +12 projects in your Github profile, real mentors and classmates to work with. A great way to learn python online.

Available courses

Intro course Introduction to Programming with Python online course. Some programming knowledge required.

Our most popular course, Advanced Python Programming online course, is a 4-week intensive course with a focus in advanced Python topics not taught anywhere else.

Finally, Web Development with Django. It's a highly practical course in which we focus on building REAL websites and APIs using Django.

NEW! We've just released a FREE Python Online Course and a FREE Flask Tutorial.

All the content we offer is FREE and Open Source and can be accessed in our own platform: learn.rmotr.com.

Check our reviews in Course Report

Naomi Ceder: Naomi is available for on-site workshop-style Python training in the Americas and Europe. Courses range from introductory to advanced, can be customized to specific needs, and normally include large live coding and hands on elements. Course materials (typically in the form of Jupyter notebooks) are available after the classes for future use. Naomi is the author of the Quick Python Book, 2nd and 3rd editions and has experience teaching Python in various contexts at all levels in the US and Europe.

Yoav Ram, PhD offers training in USA and Israel with focus on numerical, scientific, and statistical applications, including web application and user interfaces. To enhance participant learning, all course material is fully interactive, using Jupyter notebooks, and all lectures include hands-on exercises. Yoav is a postdoc at Stanford University, earned his PhD from Tel-Aviv University, working with Python since 2002, training and teaching Scientific Python since 2011, including NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Jupyter, Pandas, Seaborn, Cython, scikit-image, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Flask, Click, Tk. Experience with both small and enterprise companies.

Truthful Technology, LLC: on-site workshop-style Python training taught by Trey Hunner. Courses include live coding and hands-on exercises instead of slide-based lectures. Course curriculum comes in the form of a rich and descriptive documentation website in lieu of slides and speaker notes. All courses are tailored to your team's needs.

Firebox Training consistently delivers Python training courses as live, instructor-led online, on-site, and classroom style training classes for individuals and groups. Courses Offered:

Introduction to Advanced Python Programming Bootcamp 5-day - view detailed outline

Introduction to Python Programming Training 3-day - view detailed outline.

Advanced Python Programming Training 3-day - view detailed outline.

Python Programming Training for Scientist, Engineers and Analyst 5-Day - view detailed outline.

Python Programming Training for Scientist, Engineers and Analyst 3-Day - view detailed outline.

Astro Code School, operated by Caktus Group, the world's largest Django development firm, is licensed by the State of North Carolina as a proprietary school and offers Django Bootcamps, Python and Django Web Engineering classes, and custom group trainings taught by qualified and experienced software educators. Current offerings are:

Python and Django Web Engineering, May 18 - August 10, 2015

Python and Django Web Engineering, September 22 - December 15, 2015

Six Feet Up is a WBE dedicated to the development of Python based web applications and integration solutions for the enterprise. The company runs the local Indianapolis Python Meetup group and regularly gives public and private corporate training on a variety of Python based systems and web development.

Immersive Python, Django and Pyramid is a 5-day hands on course that teaches students how to leverage Python & Django to build web applications and connect them to a server. The course begins with an overview of using Python for for the web and then dives into Django. Students will create a simple blog site and then they will build the ElevenNote web application. Students will learn how to connect the ElevenNote web app they create to a Python web server and database. Students will even rebuild the ElevenNote app on the Pyramid microframework to understand the benefits of a leaner Python framework.

Next public class: Dec 1-5th, Indianapolis, IN

Batky-Howell Training has a 20-year history as an international learning organization publishing and delivering software development training content via classrooms, self-paced videos, and textbooks. Our Python Training Courses are continuously being delivered online and onsite to some of the largest and most recognized organizations in the world.

Hands On Technology Transfer, Inc. (HOTT) offers a 5-day Python Programming course that teaches students how to rapidly develop and maintain effective Python programs. The course includes thorough coverage of Python syntax, built in data types and control constructs. Attendees will learn how to use Python to create scripts that manipulate data, automate tasks, perform error handling and store and retrieve data by using relational databases and XML files. Hands On Technology Transfer, Inc. (HOTT) offers competency-based IT training programs in more than 75 cities across the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, covering over 60 IT subject areas. These programs are designed with one main goal – making sure you and your staff will be competent and productive.

ITCourseware provides quality Python Training Courseware for instructor-led Python Training. This four day course leads the student from the basics of writing and running Python scripts to more advanced features such as file operations, regular expressions, working with binary data, and using the extensive functionality of Python modules.

Continuum Analytics offers virtual, open, and custom on-site training courses for Python users of all levels and backgrounds. Driving core concept learning and in-depth understanding, Continuum’s courses are led by Python experts and give students the ability to get their hands dirty, learn best practices, and ask questions about specific problems.

Practical Python Programming is a 3-day introductory course into Python with a focus on applying Python to problems in scripting, data analysis, and systems programming. Geared toward quants and data analysts, the 4-day Python for Finance course provides a strong foundation for being able to work and prototype quicker. Python for Science is a 4-day course for scientists and engineers, which gives students a strong foundation of best practices and the tools available for technical computing.

Upcoming open and virtual classes can be found on the Continuum Training page. Custom on-site courses are available worldwide, all year round by contacting sales@continuum.io .

DevelopIntelligence is the leader in delivering highly-customized learning solutions to software teams. We offer more than 150 developer training courses. Including instructor-led Python training, Apache training, and other open source training courses.

CyberWeb Consulting features courses delivered by principal consultant WesleyChun, another well-known Python trainer. Wesley is author of Prentice Hall's bestselling, Core Python books, the video lecture course, Python Fundamentals (LiveLessons DVD), and co-author of Python Web Development with Django. In addition to being a software architect and Developer Advocate at Google, he runs CyberWeb, a consultancy specializing in Python training. Wesley has over 25 years of programming, teaching, and writing experience, including more than a decade of Python. While at Yahoo!, Wesley helped create Yahoo!Mail using Python. He has delivered courses to Google, Cisco, VMware, Avaya, Hitachi, UC Santa Barbara, UC Santa Cruz, and Foothill College as well as tutorials and sessions at O'Reilly's OSCON and PyCon. Wesley holds degrees in Computer Science, Mathematics, and Music from the University of California. He is available to travel globally. REGISTRATION OPEN for 2012 Aug 1-3 "Intro+Intermediate Python" course in San Francisco. Go to WEBSITE for more info & registration.

Marakana offers Python Training as well as Pro Django Training in San Francisco as well as client sites all over the US and international. The next San Francisco Python offering is taking place the week of April 2 followed by Pro Django the week of April 17

For those that cannot make it to April classes or would like to see what the class is all about, check out Marakana Python Screencast Series! The series was taken from Marakana's 4 day Python Fundamentals course instructed by Simeon Franklin. We'll be releasing a new section every Friday so be sure to check back weekly!

Accelebrate offers Python courses at client sites all over the US and worldwide. Accelebrate's Python classes prepare beginning and intermediate Python users for developing sophisticated scripts and applications in the Python programming language. Our current offerings include Introduction to Python training and Advanced Python training, as well as Python Programming for Scientists training. Accelebrate also offers PHP courses.

Python Training with Mark Lassoff of LearnToProgram.tv. Mark offers training in several programming languages including Python. Known for a promoting a dynamic classroom environment, Mark has been lauded for his ability to break down complex technical information into digestable chunks. Mark provides classes onsite at your company location and provides a lab based environment that encourages retention. Mark can be reached at 203-292-0689

Develop & Deploy: Django is five full days of intensive hands-on training in the Django framework. Django is a Python-based web framework that eases the creation of complex database driven websites. A combination of instruction, demos, and hands-on activities will immerse the developer in Django for a full week. The teaching style is casual but focused, with short informative lectures followed by exercises designed to give you immediately relevant understanding of each aspect of the technology you're learning. February 1 - February 5, 2010 at the Hacker Dojo in Mountain View, California

Mark Lutz is probably the most experienced Python trainer in the world. He provides private on-site classes at your company or organization. Since 1997 he has taught roughly 250 Python classes to some 4,000 students in the US and abroad. Today, his classes cover both Python 2.X and 3.X, and present current best Python practice.

Dave Kuhlman teaches introductory Python courses.

Calvin Spealman offers private tutoring for general programming and problem specific assistance.

Stratolab teaches Python for the purpose of writing video games. Clients are mostly middle and high school students. Stratolab is located in San Francisco.

CameronLaird occasionally teaches classes on advanced Python topics--Python for process control, Python with LDAP, and so on.

Pradeep Gowda offers on site Python training courses. Pradeep has more than four years python programming experience including Django, Zope, Plone, Windows COM, Jython and Shell scripting. He has published Python articles in DeveloperIQ magazine. He has given python training beginners as well as experienced programmers acorss India. Pradeep currently lives in Indianapolis,IN.

CLEVERtrain is a four-day Python training course taught by Jonathan LaCour, who is based out of Atlanta, GA.

Noah Gift is based out of San Francisco and provides Python training in the Bay Area.

GreyCampus is a Dallas based training provider of Python.

Canada
Python Training Courses by Bernd Klein: Open enrolment training courses in Toronto.

Computer Science Circles is a series of fully-online lessons designed for beginners to Python programming. This can include groups of students working with a teacher, or individual students/adults. There are programming exercises which are automatically graded, and the content runs from 'Hello World' to recursion and efficiency.

An introductory workshop at Acadia University to encourage students, professors, and researchers alike to use the power of Python for their software endeavors.

Savoir-faire Linux provides Python training courses in english and french in Montreal, Quebec City, Ottawa and on-site. Customized Python training are also available on any Python-related subject. Contact training@savoirfairelinux.com for more information.

SIAST GIS Certificate Program has a Introduction to Python course for Geographic Information Systems.

Bodenseo offers Python Courses in cooperation with Laila Zichmanis in the Toronto area.

* Web Age Solutions offers instructor-led and virtual Python training in US and Canada. Our current offerings include Introduction to Python Programming and Advanced Python Programming. Web Age Solutions also provides customized training as per the needs of the organizations.

Europe
PythonSherpa offers Python training in The Netherlands. The instructor, Joris Hoendervangers, has a background in financial markets.

eGenix.com offers customized Python training and coaching in Europe and around the world, with each course specifically designed to meet your particular needs. Please contact us for details.

Martin Jones, author of Python for Biologists, specializes in Python training for students with a scientific background. He is available to teach both introductory and advanced Python courses. He has standard courses for beginners, or can put together bespoke courses tailored to your needs and interests. He is based in Scotland but will travel to deliver on-site training.

Enthought's experts can train scientists, engineers, financial analysts, data scientists and geoscientists who would like to use Python more effectively. Enthought teaches public-open and private-onsite courses in cities around the US and EU. Current Enthought courses offered include:

Python Foundations

Python for Scientists and Engineers

Python for Data Science

Python for Data Analysis

NEW! Machine Learning Mastery Workshop

Pandas Mastery Workshop course is available upon request.

Upcoming open classes are listed on the "Schedule" tab of each course's webpage. If you are interested in scheduling a private-onsite course, please contact us. Enthought also has a set of 8 Pandas cheat sheets, a set of 3 machine learning cheat sheets, and a MATLAB to Python white paper available for free download.

QA, has two standard Python courses, one for Python 2 and one for Python 3 that run public schedules in their own premises in the UK. QA also provide customized on-site training which can include advanced topics.

Russel Winder, joint author of Python for Rookies and other books, undertakes training and consultancy on Python programming in UK, Europe and world-wide. SCons (a Python-based build toolkit for C, C++, Fortran, D, Java, etc.) training and consultancy is also available.

PythonCourses.com are teaching Python courses at various levels and for various audiences. For complete beginners to advanced users, from general python concepts to custom training designed to you specific needs or projects - we teach it. All our courses consist of lectures explaining the necessary theory without getting lost in IT jargon, followed by many hands-on exercises. We keep course groups small and put strong emphasis on personal interaction.

Antonio Cuni offers training and courses about Python and PyPy in Italy and Europe.

NobleProg Python Training provides public (UK,Poland and Worldwide), on-site and on-line instructor-led Python courses.

Mark Lutz also teaches classes in Europe, Canada, Mexico, and other locations.

Michael Foord is available for Python and IronPython training in the UK, Europe and the USA.

Graham Ellis teaches public and private courses in the UK and private courses elsewhere in Europe on behalf of Well House Consultants

Clockwork Software Systems run public scheduled and private courses mainly in the UK. Their sister company The Linux Emporium offer no-frills Python training courses which can be purchased on-line. The tutors for these courses, John Pinner and David Chan, are practising Python programmers.

Enable AI offers training courses in Artificial Intelligence, machine learning and data science in Germany. We are offering public courses, inhouse trainings and online webinars including Introduction in Python, Machine Learning workshop, data science bootcamp or a data science course with pandas and scikit-learn. Advanced trainings are offered for computer vision with deep learning (Keras), introduction to deep learning (Keras) or an introduction to artificial intelligence for executives.

Python Academy specializes in Python training and offers a wide variety of public as well customized in-house courses. Training topics include a solid Introduction to Python and Advanced Python to dive deeper into the language. Furthermore, courses are available for Cython, SQLAlchemy as well as Testing with pytest and tox. Scientists and engineers can learn about what offers Python in the course Python for Scientists and Engineers. Python can be very fast as the course High Performance Computation with Python proves. Introduction to Django provides all the basics to get started developing professional web applications. Even more insight into this powerful Python web framework offers Advanced Django. There are other courses about special topics such as extensions, optimizing, Windows programming, threads and processes, network programming, and design patterns in Python. The courses are held in German as well as in English at Python Academy's teaching center in Leipzig, Germany, in-house across Europe as well as online.

Mark Summerfield, author of Programming in Python 3 and Rapid GUI Programming with Python and Qt, provides Python and PyQt training, research, and consultancy in English, primarily in the UK.

Christopher Arndt is an independent software developer and Linux consultant based in Cologne, Germany. He provides general Python, TurboGears and Linux training in English or German language all over Europe on request. For further information write an email to chris at chrisarndt dot de.

Despite this notice Deitel & Associates are not themselves offering Python training. Inquiries about Python training that they receive are forwarded to other training organizations.

Logilab offers Python training in France and Europe.

Klosterdata offers Python training in Sweden and other Nordic Countries. The teacher, Fredrik Lundh, has long and deep experience from the Python language. He has taken part in the development of the language and used it for over ten years.

Philipp von Weitershausen offers Zope training all over Europe and the Americas. He is the author of the standard Zope textbook Web Component Development with Zope 3. Courses can be held in English, German or Spanish.

Simon Willison is available for both Django and Python training in the UK.

Ceintec offers Python programming training classes in Spain for beginners and advanced developers.

Marcin Kaszynski teaches Python and Django in English or Polish.

Kristian Rother teaches Python, Biopython , and software development practises in English, German, and Polish.

Svilen Dobrev offers teaching and hands-on mentoring on python or software in general, accenting on efficiency and flexibility and team-work, in Bulgaria or anywhere. Languages: Bulgarian, English, Russian.

Python training at JBI Training UK instructor-led classroom training (public and custom on-site courses) from Intro to Advanced level. Call +44 (0) 208 446 7555 and ask for Tom for more details and info on current offers.

Anaska / Alter Way Group offers Python and Plone training courses and coaching in France and Europe.

Python training by IT-Schulungen.com IT-Schulungen.com is a portal for IT-Trainings and offers training and consulting for Python from project experienced trainers as well as other open source technologies in Germany, Austria and Swiss. For further information please call +49 911 6500 8 222 (from within Germany) or visit our website.

http://www.it-seminare.de Python training for individuals or companies - For more than 10 years, we offer more than 1.000 different trainings - for more information, please visit our website.

Bodenseo, - a training centre situated in the heart of Europe on the shores of Lake Constance, where Switzerland, Austria and Germany meet - offers public scheduled courses at Lake Constance and on-site seminars all over Europe (e.g. Switzerland, Austria, Germany, France, Luxemburg and the UK) in English, German and French. The Python courses of Bodenseo aim both at beginners and advanced learners of Python. The courses are also offered in various levels: Python Course: Level I, Python Course: Level II and Python Course: Level III. There are special training courses on Text Processing with Python, Python Course for Data Analysis and Machine Learning, Python and Bash Programming, Django Python Web Application Framework. For those who want to learn both C++ and Python Bodenseo offers Python and C++ Course. Other cross-thematic are are Introduction to Tkinter and Python and XML Course.

Framework Training Ltd delivers hands-on Python training courses and Python Data Science Analysis & ML training courses and many other Coding training courses at their London training centre. All courses can be customised for virtual classroom / remote / on-site delivery (UK, Europe, Worldwide), tailored to take into account existing skills, learning goals and project requirements. Call on +44 (0) 20 3137 3920 for more information.

GFU IT Schulung offers open and company trainings in the category of Python Schulung seminars all over Europe.

Tomasz Puton teaches Python, Django including GeoDjango, scientific programming in Python and software development.

Sixty North is a software development company based in Norway. We offer Python consulting and training services worldwide, with specific expertise in scientific, oil & gas, and geospatial topics as well as C++/Python integration.

CBT Training & Consulting as an IT Training Company offers open and company trainings in the category of Python Schulung seminars in Germany.

RoPython does trainings, workshops and conferences in Romania.

Bernd Klein offers Python training courses in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, France, Luxembourg, Belgium, The Netherlands, England, and Canada.

Australia
Python Charmers specializes in Python training for scientists and engineers in the Asia-Pacific region, based in Melbourne and Singapore. The principal trainer is Dr Edward Schofield. Ed is a well-known contributor in the NumPy and SciPy communities; he was the release manager for five releases of SciPy in 2005-6 and the author of the maximum entropy and parts of the sparse matrix module. He has 20 years of experience in programming, teaching, and public speaking, including 9 years of experience with Python. Ed holds a PhD in statistical pattern recognition from Imperial College London and an MA in mathematics and computer science from Cambridge University. He and Python Charmers' other topic specialists are available to travel globally. More info.

Peter Lovett of Plus Plus offers Introductory, Intermediate and Advanced level Python courses (as well as other languages). He is an accomplished trainer, running computer programming courses since 1985, in C, C++, Perl, Python, Java and XML around Australia, New Zealand and England, and is available for travel. As well as being highly accomplished technically, Peter is also highly effective at communicating, and gets glowing reviews for his courses.

Latin America
Facundo Batista teaches introduction and advanced courses of Python to different types of organization (universities, schools, enterprises) in Argentina and other locations.

LucianoRamalho teaches Python in the context of Zope and Plone training offered by Simples Consultoria. Ramalho also created the Turing Club, which promotes computer programming as a hobby and uses Python in many of its activities.

Alfonso de la Guarda The COS is the first Center that offers free online flash courses about FLOSS, including streaming video on real time. The courses are many: python basics, advance, turbogears, django, gtk, wxglade, etc. Their director, Alfonso de la Guarda, is python programmer since 1990 and has develop many GPL applications as: sisventi, sisgerpy, itv, edukt and recently is working with OLPC.

Trianguli Software Livre A free software company, offers Python training in many skills (from basic to advanced or custom courses to special needs), Django, Twisted and other Python services. The founder, Christiano Anderson is Python programmer and free software evangelist.

Menttes A free software company, offers high quality Python, Zope and Plone development, consulting, coaching and training. The directors are Roberto Allende, member of Plone Foundation and Emanuel Sartor. Both are co-founders of Plone Cono Sur.

India
Kiran Chandra Chitmalla conducts online & classroom training classes for Graduate students in various python frameworks. KiranChandra has got 6 years experience in the field of python data structures, algorithms and networking. He Currently Runs IndiaTrainings as a platform for improving career oppurtunities for graduates by training python in hyderabad, Telangana.

Anuraag Singh conducts training and classes for CBSE Class XI Python language, which is introduced from this year 2013 as per new syllabus changes in CBSE computer science subject. Anuraag has got 12 years experience in the field of programming and is founder of many software companies.

Rahul Verma conducts Python training for Software testers, in India, focused on Implementation of general purpose test automation frameworks and day-to-day test automation requirements. You can find more details about his courses at Testing Perspective website and on Python specifically at Python Scripting for Software Testers. Rahul has presented at various conferences including Google Test Automation Conference, PyCon India, CONQUEST Germany and all Indian testing conferences. He is the author of How Would Pareto Learn Python and Design Patterns in Python which are available as free online books on his website. He is also a regular columnist with Testing Experience magazine on the subject of test automation.

Vasudev Ram (Dancing Bison Enterprises), a Fellow of the Python Software Foundation, offers Python (and other) training courses in person or worldwide via the Internet using email and shared documents for lesson delivery, and VoIP and IM tools for interaction. He's a developer with many years experience, has published articles on Packt Publishing, IBM developerWorks and Linux For You (now Open Source For You), has a blog with lots of Python posts and is the creator of some software products, including xtopdf, a Python toolkit for PDF creation from other data formats. xtopdf is used by some well-known organizations and others. This is his LinkedIn profile.

Anand Chitipothu offers Python training courses in Bangalore, India. He is the co-author of web.py, an open-source web framework in python. He is a software consultant and trainer with more than 10 years of programming experience, including 6+ years in Python. He conducts public python trainings in Bangalore on semi-regular basis.

Biztech Academy offers Python training courses in Rajkot,Gujarat, India. they are also providing open source courses on Linux, Apache,Mysql,PHP,Perl,Python,Ajax.

Noufal Ibrahim is the founder of "PyCon India" and has been using Python since 2002. He offers corporate training, campus workshops, public classes and mentors fresh engineering graduates to help them find jobs via his company Lycaeum based in Kozhikode, Kerala.

Iran
GoToClass.ir offers online traning for Persian Speakers, this time we offer free online python course for biginners, this course is a "Introduction to programming using python", JADI teach you all that need to start programming in python in a interactive course, by sign up in this course you have access to videos, documents, assessments, quizes, exams and a discusion for being in touch with our teacher and classmates. if you are a persion speaker and you need to start programming using Python, don't miss this course.

Israel
Yoav Ram, PhD offers training in USA and Israel with focus on numerical, scientific, and statistical applications, including web application and user interfaces. To enhance participant learning, all course material is fully interactive, using Jupyter notebooks, and all lectures include hands-on exercises. Yoav is a postdoc at Stanford University, earned his PhD from Tel-Aviv University, working with Python since 2002, training and teaching Scientific Python since 2011, including NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Jupyter, Pandas, Seaborn, Cython, scikit-image, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Flask, Click, Tk. Experience with both small and enterprise companies.

Udi Oron (10x.org.il) offers on-site python training for a wide range of participants, from non-programmers to experienced software developers. Complete syllabuses are available here.

Avner Ben, author of the "Skill-Driven" software design method, has been instructing object-oriented programming and design since 1988, design patterns since 1999 and, recently - "Python for designers". This four day course is intended for programmers with previous knowledge of object oriented programming. It concentrates on features that make Python the designer's language of choice for both explorative development and implementation of object-oriented design. See course foils.

Ram Rachum, Python Workshops Hi! My name is Ram Rachum, and I've been working with Python since 2009. As an escape from my life of corporate imprisonment, I like to give workshops in which I teach basic and advanced Python usage. I usually teach teams of 10-20 developers / QA people / database people. Sometimes companies bring me to teach experienced programmers who need to up their Python game, and sometimes complete beginners who have never programmed before and want to get started with Python. Email me at ram@rachum.com so we could talk about what kind of workshop would be the best for your team. Thanks! (Hebrew website.)

Malaysia
R. Ramesh Kumar provides Python classes through his company Tech Dynamics. Primarily a developer, he has a passion for teaching and sharing his knowledge and experience. Ramesh also teaches other programming languages, and Linux/Unix courses.

Pytech Resources conducts introductory and advanced Python courses in Malaysia and internationally. Its principal trainer, P.C. Boey, has more than 12 years programming experience with Python and his courses on Python programming have been very well-received. He is also available to do web development, training and consultancy work with Django.

Low Kian Seong conducts beginner, intermediate and advanced Python courses in Malaysia under his own company Squid Consulting and Integration affectionately known as SqCI. He has been using Python since 2000 starting from Zope ending up in Django and have been deploying projects in MNCs all around the country.

Nigeria
http://www.ascomt.com ASCOMT NIGERIA offers training and consulting for Python in Nigeria and the rest of Africa for small and large companies with focus on numerical, scientific, and statistical applications, including data mining and artificial intelligence. Our training service include NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Pandas, Seaborn, Scikit-learn, and other popular Python packages. Our consulting service include offering innovative, value driven solutions that help clients manage and analyse data. For further information please visit our websites – http://www.ascomt.com/.

Singapore
Python Charmers specializes in Python training for scientists and engineers in the Asia-Pacific region, based in Melbourne and Singapore. The principal trainer is Dr Edward Schofield. Ed is a well-known contributor in the NumPy and SciPy communities; he was the release manager for five releases of SciPy in 2005-6 and the author of the maximum entropy and parts of the sparse matrix module. He has 20 years of experience in programming, teaching, and public speaking, including 9 years of experience with Python. Ed holds a PhD in statistical pattern recognition from Imperial College London and an MA in mathematics and computer science from Cambridge University. He and Python Charmers' other topic specialists are available to travel globally. More info.

New Zealand
Peter Lovett of Plus Plus offers Introductory, Intermediate and Advanced level Python courses (as well as other languages). He is an accomplished trainer, running computer programming courses since 1985, in C, C++, Perl, Python, Java and XML. Although based in Sydney, Australia, he regularly travels to New Zealand, and is available for training. As well as being highly accomplished technically, Peter is also highly effective at communicating, and gets glowing reviews for his courses.

Turkey
Hakan Ozen is available for teaching Python.

Internet - Python Online Training
* Marilyn Davis, Ph.D. Marilyn specializes in Python training in corporate environments in the Silicon Valley, and anywhere, either through UCSC-Extension, where students earn University credit, or independently. She has taught Python at Apple, Cisco, Facebook, Google, Intuit, LLNL, NASA, Nokia, Oracle, Plantronics, Skype, VMware, and more.

Stay Safe And Take Your Time Online:

Python For Programmers, where students learn and practice core concepts and Pythonic thinking: Apr 13, 2021 - Jun 8, 2021. You can enroll and get started today!

Python For Data Analysis - Via Live Zoom: 10 Fridays 6:30 - 9:30 PM PDT, where students learn and practice the Python needed to work with Pandas and related libraries. : Apr 2, 2021 - Jun 4, 2021.

Here's a sample lecture. PythonTrainer.Com is a 100% woman-owned business, registered in SAM.

Thinkful offers training in Python for web programming and data science, Courses are generally student-led with regular one-on-one meetings with a mentor, but a bootcamp option is also available.

Firebox Training consistently delivers Python training courses as live, instructor-led online, on-site, and classroom style training classes for individuals and groups. Courses Offered:

Introduction to Advanced Python Programming Bootcamp 5-day - view detailed outline.

Introduction to Python Programming Training 3-day - view detailed outline.

Advanced Python Programming Training 3-day - view detailed outline.

Python Programming Training for Scientist, Engineers and Analyst 5-Day - view detailed outline.

Python Programming Training for Scientist, Engineers and Analyst 3-Day - view detailed outline.

* Batky-Howell has been training IT Professional's for over 20 years training over 40,000 students in over 3,200 courses with live instructor led online training. At Batky-Howell we offer three unique live online instructor led Python training courses. Our 4 day intro course, Python Training I: Essentials leads the student from the basics of writing and running Python scripts to more advanced features such as file operations, regular expressions, working with binary data, and using the extensive functionality of Python Training modules. We offer two additional advanced courses: Python Training II: Applied Python, a 4 day course that puts extra emphasis placed on features unique to Python , such as tuples, array slices, and output formatting and our newest release Python Training for Scientists and Engineers that is an intense 5 day course that teaches scientists and engineers the Python, NumPy, SciPy, SymPy, and other skills they need to work with data, manipulating arrays, performing statistical calculations, and plotting results.

See Computer Science Circles above, which are online-only.

The Open Technology Group, Inc offers all its courses for virtual LIVE instructor-led delivery via the Internet. Students may attend courses from anywhere, worldwide, provided they have a broadband Internet connection available. Python Bootcamps, Advanced Python, Introduction to Django, and GeoDjango training courses are scheduled to run Mar 7-11, Apr 18-22, May 23-27, and June 20-24). All courses are available for both in-person as well as Virtual LIVE instructor-led delivery, which may be attended from ANYWHERE. Contact us at info@otg-nc.com for global, customized, on-site delivery.

ShowMeDo has been building a collection of on-line tutorial screencasts since 2005 (wiki: ShowMeDo). We have over 250 Python screencasts, many are free and new programmers can learn Python inside Club ShowMeDo. All authors receive feedback and community-kudos from our viewers.

Python Academy specializes in Python training and offers a wide variety of public as well customized in-house courses. Training topics include a solid Introduction to Python and Advanced Python to dive deeper into the language. Furthermore, courses are available for Cython as well as Testing with pytest and tox. Scientists and engineers can learn about what offers Python in the course Python for Scientists and Engineers. Python can be very fast as the course High Performance Computation with Python proves. Introduction to Django provides all the basics to get started developing professional web applications. Even more insight into this powerful Python web framework offers Advanced Django. Theses courses are held online.

A growing wealth of other "Audio/Video Instructional Materials for Python" are becoming available, including a variety of podcasts and screencasts.

* GoSkills is an online learning platform that helps anyone learn business skills to reach their personal and professional goals. With a GoSkills.com subscription, members have access to over 80+ courses consisting of bite-sized and interactive content.

GoSkills has three beginner-friendly, bite-sized Python courses: Intro to Python, Introduction to Data Analysis with Python, and Python with Excel.

* DataCamp is an interactive platform to learn data science that has already trained over 600,000 students and offers more than 250 hours of course content, which has been built out with academic and corporate partners such as Continuum Analytics, RStudio and Microsoft, and experts from companies like Pfizer, Liberty Mutual, H2O, DataRobot, and many other leaders.

DataCamp has recently been building a collection of cheat sheets for Python learners: right now, they have a Python for Data Science Cheat Sheet, a Pandas Cheat Sheet and a Bokeh Cheat Sheet available.

Python Trainers, Promote Thyself

Many trainers are individuals or small companies, and it can be hard to get the attention of the big IT houses. While skill credentials and a portfolio of past training gigs are important, perhaps one of the best promoters is when someone has actually experienced one of your classes. They gain insight into your speaking style, how you relate to the students and your ability to explain complex technical subjects in an approachable way. No class syllabus can convey that. The Python community has a valuable resource that can give you the next best thing.

Screencasting!


||Screencasting is a multimedia creation that focuses on the instructor's desktop, with voiceover guidance. It can be in the format of an online slideshow, a guided sourcecode walkthrough or a follow-along interactive session. They can be as long or short as you wish and they have opportunities for branding, by using custom wallpaper behind your talks desktop and musical lead-in/fade-out.

Screencasts can be hosted on www.showmedo.com or, if done with a large font, video.google.com. They can also be embedded in your website while hosted elsewhere, as shown in our 5-Minutes with Python series. You can learn more about the details with a talk series entitled Casting Your Knowledge, With Style

But perhaps you're really busy on current projects and short on time. Consider doing an audio interview about an upcoming seminar you're offering and releasing it as a podcast. Ron Stephens of Python 411 makes available an excellent collection of podcasts and may be interested in hosting yours.

Unlike face-to-face presentation opportunities, screencasts/podcasts have the additional benefit that they promote your training offerings while you're busy on other gigs. It's almost like cloning yourself and having more time for promotion. It's all about leverage. Use it. ||

Public training courses presented by these trainers are listed on the PythonEvents page.

Before creation of this page, CameronLaird maintained a private one on the same subject.

CategoryPythonInBusiness

PythonTraining (last edited 2021-04-12 14:10:29 by NatDunn)
MoinMoin PoweredPython PoweredGPL licensedValid HTML 4.01
Unable to edit the page? See the FrontPage for instructions.